1.write a blog on difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2?

HTTP STANDS FOR HYPERTEXT TRANSFER PROTOCOL

	It is a protocol used to access the data on the WORLD WIDE WEB (www).

                  HTTP1.1	                      HTTP2
1)It works on the textual format         1)It works on the binary protocol


2)There is head of line blocks all 
the requests behind it until
it doesn’t get its all resources.       2)It allows multiplexing so one TCP 
                                        connection is required for multiple requests
3)It uses request resource Inlining 
for use getting multiple pages	
                                        3)It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages
4)It compresses data by itself
	                                4)It uses HPACK for data compression
5)For security : it does not 
require HTTPS encryption	
                                        5)It requires HTTPS encryption

6)PERFORMANCE : slower	                6)Significantly faster than HTTP1.1

7)It was created in 1997	        7)It was created in 2015


2.WRITE A BLOG ABOUT OBJECTS AND ITS INTERNAL REPRESENTATION IN JAVASRIPT?

•	An object is a fundamental concept in Java script 
•	It representing a collection of properties or a group of key value pairs.
•	It is a complex data type that can store different types of data, including primitive values and functions.
•	An object is defined using a literal notation that uses curly braces{}.
•	Objects in java script are represented as key valve pairs stored in memory.
•	Each property of object by using a special identifier called a property key.
•	The values of these property can be any java script value.
•	When a property is accessed on abject ,java script looks up the property key in the object’s internal store of key value pairs and returns the associated value.
•	If the property keys is not found ,java script returns undefined.
•	Objects and their property can be add, remove or replace at anytime.


FOR EXAMPLE:


 Let car={color: ”brown”,
        brand:”maruti”};			where color and brand are 
console.log (car.color);					called KEYS
console.log (type of car);
 
							where brown and Maruti are
OUTPUT:							called KEY VALUES	
	
	brown			
	object










